---
layout: biweekly
title: "25.20 - Bi-Weekly Journal: 2025-09-28"
date: 2025-09-28
---

## Retrospect
It's been a good past 2 weeks since I've been more aware of my rules and being more systematic. One thing that's been improved has been my entry discipline. I've been more strict on only entering within the first hour and not getting tempted to start new positions midday unless there's an evident breakout of a key level. I find that there's better opportunities in the first hour as that's where most of the meat of the move happens. I'm also improving entries of random trades / chasing. The market's been doing really well, SPY & NASDAQ are at ATH, BTC was nearing ATH on Friday; ETH now around $4500 level. I'm also doing well on taking profits on the way up - I've been struggling with this for a while; had good trades with OKLO & IONQ. Those were really good themed trades. 

## Thoughts / Reflection
Market is at ATH - need to be cautious here. Usually when it's at ATH is when my account takes a hit. I also opened up a lot of positions more than 10+ at the same time. Need to only have 10+ max otherwise it gets hard to manage espescially stop losses and chart monitoring. There's also been a few trades where I was strict on the stop loss being first 30m candle low but I should be a tad more lenient and do about 1% below. Missed gains on CRDO because of that. HOOD is also doing really well, and I can say I'm at peace not holding any because there's always other opportunities in the market. Also because the market is ATH; I tend to use more margin and leverage. Need to be careful with that as well.

## Current Trading Rules
- Only enter initial positions within the first hour. Can add to existing positions later.
- Stop loss should be maximum ~1% below the low of the opening 30m candle.
- Take profits 2-5 days after a strong move, with 3 days being the sweet spot.
- Only add to existing positions if they are in profit OR not below 1% of first 30m candle low.
- Use tiered profit taking: sell 25-50% into strength in 2-4 days, keep runners at break even. At min I'm thinking to have atleast 25-30% ride the wave until it hits 10 or 20 SMA.
- Have situational awareness: understand the market context and adjust strategies accordingly.
- On the day of - explain why I am entering the trade so it's easier to understand my thought process later when journaling. <-- need to improve on this because I find myself spending time investigating why I entered the trade.
- Max 10 positions at a time. If I want to open a new position, I need to close an existing one. 


## Criteria Selection
- Market Context: Is the market bullish, bearish, or neutral?
- Pattern Type: Is it an EP or BO? What type of follow-through pattern is expected (chicken, duck, swan)?
- Risk-Reward Ratio: Is the potential reward worth the risk? Aim for at least 2:1.
- Technical Indicators: Are there any key levels (support/resistance) or indicators (MA) aligning with the trade?
- News Catalysts: Are there any upcoming events or news that could impact the trade?
- Has the stock been neglected? Is it in a consolidation period?
- Theme: Is there a strong theme behind the trade (AI, EV, Cloud, etc)?
- Do I know my entry and exit points?

## EP / BO Pattern Statistics

| Pattern Type | Frequency (%) | Typical Action         |
|--------------|--------------|------------------------|
| Chicken      | 13           | Sharp reversal         |
| Duck         | 57           | Sideways consolidation |
| Swan         | 30           | Strong upward trend    |

*Based on Flo's analysis from mastertradingflow.com*