---
layout: biweekly
title: "25.19 - Bi-Weekly Journal: 2025-09-14"
date: 2025-09-14
---

## Retrospect
I read a lot about market patterns and the importance of context in trading. Still working on familiarizing myself with the different types of patterns and their implications. Also doing a lot of reviewing of my old trades and I found that a lot of of my trades are due to randomness and intuition rather than a solid strategy. I caught 2 trades last week which were really obvious breakouts. Caught both IONQ and TSLA on September 12th for a quick gain. I took profits on IONQ for about 75% of the position and 100% on TSLA, might've been better to hold some runners on TSLA. BMNR is doing really well as it's riding with ETH.

## To Do (Next 2 Weeks)
Continue to review old trades and go over my stats.

## Thoughts / Reflection
I have a lot of random trades that seem to lack a clear strategy. I need to work on developing a more systematic approach to my trading. I think creating a checklist or a set of criteria for entering and exiting trades could help bring more consistency to my process. Be more strict on set ups.

## Current Trading Rules
- Only enter initial positions within the first hour. Can add to existing positions later.
- Stop loss should be maximum <1% below the low of the opening 30m candle.
- Take profits 2-5 days after a strong move, with 3 days being the sweet spot.
- Only add to existing positions if they are in profit. Never average down.
- Use tiered profit taking: sell 25-50% into strength in 2-4 days, keep runners at break even.
- Have situational awareness: understand the market context and adjust strategies accordingly.
- On the day of - explain why I am entering the trade so it's easier to understand my thought process later when journaling.

## EP / BO Pattern Statistics

| Pattern Type | Frequency (%) | Typical Action         |
|--------------|--------------|------------------------|
| Chicken      | 13           | Sharp reversal         |
| Duck         | 57           | Sideways consolidation |
| Swan         | 30           | Strong upward trend    |

*Based on Flo's analysis from mastertradingflow.com*